Its new moon, I am a waste.
Do you still have to say that you know Kazuki?
What are you going to do?
What's in the photo?
Why have I never seen it?
This is a matter of phase. This doesn’t matter, right? Get out of the way!
I started with the third one a little more,
I have never seen such a look,
Your Majesty, this is obviously the fate of the prince!
its new moon,
What exactly is slipping tide?
Don't mess around, but stay with me,
Just listen if you can. I have long heard about Wang Fei and Prince Li.
Share the wish to save,
I'm afraid this is the chance to save me.
its new moon,
Everything is good.
you can hide your life
Just as I am
Fine clothes and national shells, otherwise
You can fuck him right now. How can a talented child do this?
You didn't invade and defeat me one by one
What are you doing? Don't offend me.
Go away, go away Xu Qingyun
Are you going to kill Yi?